Par link jobs (#6200)
STEllAR-GROUP/hpx: CMakeLists.txt

  "Create build system support for fail compile HPX tests (default ON)" ON
  CATEGORY "Build Targets"
)
hpx_option(

>   HPX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS STRING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HPX_WITH_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS STRING
```

  "Number of Parallel link jobs while building hpx (only for Ninja as generator) (default Any)" "Any"
  CATEGORY "Build Targets"
)

if(CMAKE_GENERATOR MATCHES "Ninja")
  if(NOT HPX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS)
    set(HPX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS "2")
  endif()
  if(HPX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS)
    set_property(GLOBAL APPEND PROPERTY JOB_POOLS link_job_pool=${HPX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS})
    set(CMAKE_JOB_POOL_LINK link_job_pool)
  endif()
elseif(HPX_PARALLEL_LINK_JOBS)

>   MESSAGE(WARNING "Job pooling is only available with Ninja generators.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hpx_warn("Job pooling is only available with Ninja generators.")
```
